insulin-calc
============

###Yale Insulin Drip Protocol Calculator

-------------------------------------

This insulin drip protocol calculator is intended for use in hyperglycemic adult patients in an ICU setting, but not specifically tailored for those individuals with diabetic emergencies, such as diabetic ketoacidosis (DKA) or hyperglycemic hyperosmolar states (HHS). When these diagnoses are being considered, or if BG >= 500 mg/dL, an MD should be consulted for specific orders. Also, please notify an MD if the response to the insulin drip is unusual/unexpected, or if any situation arises that is not adequately addressed by these guidelines.

### DEPLOYMENT INSTRUCTIONS
####Copy contents of 'dist' directory to your desired production location. All other files are used only for development/build purposes.

-------------------------------------

#### DISCLAIMER

This is a JavaScript calculator developed by Christopher Echols and Andrew Edwards under the guidance of Dr. Chenliang Jeffrey Wang, based on the [Yale Insulin Drip Protocol](http://www.hospitalmedicine.org/ResourceRoomRedesign/pdf/YNHH_IIP_100-139.pdf "Yale Insulin Drip Protocol"). It was developed with careful adherence to the protocol algorithm and is computationally correct to the best of the developers' knowledge. However, this calculator is provided purely as an informational resource with NO guarantees of accuracy, and is not to be used or relied upon for any diagnostic or treatment purposes without independent verificaion by a trained and licensed physician.

*This calculator is not intended to be utilized for patient education, does not create any patient-physician relationship, and should not be used as a substitute for professional diagnosis and treatment. The developers of this script do not recommend, endorse or make any representation about the efficacy, appropriateness or suitability of any specific tests, products, procedures, treatments, services, opinions, health care providers or other information that may be contained in or generated by this script.*

*THE DEVELOPERS ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE NOR LIABLE FOR ANY ADVICE, COURSE OF TREATMENT, DIAGNOSIS OR ANY OTHER INFORMATION, SERVICES OR PRODUCTS OBTAINED THROUGH THE USE OF THIS CALCULATOR.*